What do you like about me?
Hmm nothing
Where is my mother?
How's everything going?
Your mother is also waiting for your help
As long as Xiaohui is in the operating room
I immediately arranged for him to have surgery
Mrs. Su in front of me
Are you threatening him?
Of course not.
He wanted to save his mother.
I want to save my son
It's the best of both worlds.
Take what you need
I have a question.
What's the problem?
IF
I mean if
The condition is not your daughter, I am
Then you still use my business
Seek a golden wedding
What do you mean?
Nothing.
I just want to know
In your heart
Is it your son's life that matters?
Or is your own daughter's life more important?